So I've got a couple kind of development
tips for you, things that I found very,
very helpful when I'm writing react code.
One of them that's absolutely key.
When you're writing your code,
you want the NODE_ENV to be development.
So when I say NODE_ENV,
let me just show you here in a terminal.
Let me just pop up this terminal here.
So, in bash, you don't have to
follow along with me too much.
But if I say NODE_ENV=development
echo NODE_ENV doesn't even say that.
Well suffice to say what I was
trying to demonstrate to you, and
I could write node code
that would pull this out.
But the idea is that you can set this
environmental variable to be development,
production, test.
There's a bunch of things
that this can be set to.
And it's really critical with React that
when you're in development mode that
that NODE_ENV is set to development.
Because all those really nice
error messages that you and
I are getting of not
showing the correct key.
Or your hooks are called out of order,
all that kind of stuff.
All the instrumentation for
that debugging code only comes when
it's a node equals development.
Now the good news for us is Parcel sets
all this stuff for us automatically.
You actually don't have to do anything and
Parcel will set it for you.
But with tools like web pack and
some like less opinionated tools,
you have to set those yourself.
So just be very careful that
you do development when you're
in development mode.
And then make sure it's production
when it's going out to production.
Because you don't want
the developments tips and
tools because it's like four times bigger.
So by just setting it
to NODE_ENV=production,
as you can see here,
it's literally four times smaller.
Slack famously made this mistake that they
were shipping the development mode in
Slack for a long time.
And they saw a huge speed up in Slack
just by switching it to production.
It's extremely easy to do.
I don't fault them at all.
But I wish they had found that sooner
because I use Slack a lot in my day to
day life.
>> And the reason the echo wasn't
working was you've got two ampersands
between the commands.
>> You are absolutely correct, thank you.
>> You're welcome.
>> So
you can see here NODE_ENV=production.
So this is like an environmental
variable that you can use to.
And again same here production.
I might even have it set on my computer,
just always be yeah,
well now I've done it temporarily for
my entire session, right?
Anyway, there's a whole nother class on
that again, Linux and the command line.
You can take that,
I go into this stuff pretty in depth.
But as you can see,
I have to retake my own course sometimes
cuz I forget some of these details.
>> This just to confirm.
So you're saying it's safer to
just leave it as production, so
that we don't accidentally ship or
you're saying just remember to change it?
>> So, actually what you'll probably
end up doing, this is a good question,
when should you care about this?
Normally, actually in my dot bash RC,
so if I say like, code.
Bashrc, so this is your configuration for
your bash environment.
If you're using Power Shell,
this is not helpful to you.
I would just have in here
NODE_ENV=development because whenever I'm
on my local computer,
it's always development right?
I've never shipping stuff from
my local computer to the cloud.
I always do that through GitHub actions or
something like that.
But what I am saying is if you are doing
that kind of production bundling from
your local computer.
You do need to make sure that you're
setting that before you do it.
So what you really wanna
do here is maybe here you
would say like NODE_ENV=development,
right?
And then you would set those here.
This will only work in Bash,
this would crash on Windows
if you try to do it this way.
But you wanna make sure that those
environmental variables are being set.
Good question.
How
should you be setting the environmental
variables for the build?
One, if you're using Parcel it
just happens if you say, so
dev, it automatically sets
the environment to be development.
And then we haven't done this yet.
But if you come in here and
say build, parcel build,
this is how you bundle it for production.
It's smart enough to just switch that
automatically to NODE_ENV=production.
Now if you're on something like
web pack or something else.
Web pack has a plugin that allows
you to set the the environmental
variables per type of build and
you would just wanna do that.
So it's gonna vary by your bundler,
that's what I'm gonna say.
But suffice to say what I want you to do
is I want you to make sure that that's
happening with whatever
bundle tool you're using.
But yeah, with Parcel,
it just happens for you.
It's magic, that's kind of Parcels
modus operandi, right is magic.